BOOK V. 1. 1345

150 miles from the Sallee is the Rivcr Asana,
which is a tidal river but which is notable for its
harbour; and then the river which they call the
Fut, and 200 miles from it, after crossing a river
named Ivor‚ the Diris ‘² range—that is agreed to be
the native name for the Atlas; and that in the
neighbourhood are traces of the land having formerly
been inhabited—remains of vineyards and palm-
I‘OVCS·
g Suetonius Paulinus, who was consul in our own
times? was the first Roman commander who actually
crossed the Atlas range and advanced a distance of
many miles beyond it. His report as to its remark-
able altitude agrees with that of all the other
authorities‚ but he also states that the regions at
the base of the range are filled with dense and
lofty forests of trees of an unknown kind, with very
tall trunks remarkable for their glossy timber free
from knots, and foliage like that of the cypress
except for its oppressive scent, the leaves being
covered with a thin downy ssoss, so that with the
aid of art a dress-material like that obtained from
the silk-worm can be made from thern. The summit
(the report continued) is covered with deep snow-
drifts even in summer. Ten days’ march brought
him to this point and beyond it to the river called
the Ger, across deserts covered with black dust
occasionally broken by projections of rock that
looked as if they had been burnt‚ a region rendered
uninhabitable by its beat, although it was winter
time when he explored it. He states that the neigh-
bouring forests swarm with every kind of elephant
and snake, and are inhabited by a tribe called the
Canarii, owing to the fact that they have their

229

