BOOK VII. va. 204ffzo7

Ardalus of Troezen instituted singing to the flute.

ΤΙιε Curetes taught dancing in armonr, Pyrrhus the Δ

Pyrrhic dance3 both of there were in Crete. Hexa-
meter verse we owe to the Pythian oracle, but as
to the origin of poetry there is much debate, though
it is proved to have existed before the Trojan W'ar.
Pherecydes of Syria instituted prose composition in
the period of King C3 rus, Cadmus of Miletus histor;y

gymnastic games were started by L3 caon in Arcadi -ῑ,

funeral ganies by Acastus ln Iolcus, and subsequentl3
by Theseus at the Isthmus and b3 Hercules at
Olympia3 wrestling by Py theus, the sport of ball-
throwing by Gyges of Lydia3 painting by the
Egyptians, and in Greece by Euchir the kinsman of
Daedalus according to Aristode, but according to
Theophrastus by Polygnotus of Athens.

Danaus first came from Egypt to Greece by ship3
before that time rafts were used for navigation,
having been invented by King Erythras for use
between the islands in the Red Sea. Pei-sons are
found who think that vessels were devised earlier on
the Hellespont by the Mysians and Troj ans when they
crossed to war against the Thracians. Even now in
the British ocean coracles are made of wicker with
hide sown round it, and on the Nile canoes are made
of papyrus, rushes and reeds. The first voyage made
in a long ship is attributed by Philostephanus to
Jason‚ by Hegesias to Parhalus. by Ctesias to
Samiramis, and by Archemachus to Aegaeo. Further
advances were as follows :—

Vessel Inventor Auth ority
double-banked galley the Erythraeans Damastes
trireme Αηᾶἱὲῑῖῗὲὲῗ of Thucydides

645

Ναιιτςια
deveopl

os.

'zon'

ent

