BOOK V. ΧΧῙΧ. 105—108

its original name was the City of Zeus, and it was
afterwards called Rhoas. The rest of the peoples
belonging to the same jurisdiction whom it may not
be amiss to mention are the Hydrelitae, Themisones
and Hierapolitae. Another centre has received its
name from Synnas3 it is the centre for the Lycaones,
Appiani, Corpeni, Dorylaei‚ Midaei‚ ,Iulienses and
15 other peoples of no note. A third jurisdiction
centres at Apamea, previously called Celaenae, and
then Cybotos; Apamea is situated at the foot of
Mount Signia, with the rivers Marsyas, Obrima and
Orba, tributaries of the Maeander, flowing round it;
the Marsyas here emerges from underground, and
buries itself again a little later. Aulocrene is the
place where Marsyas had a contest in flute-playing
with Apollo : it is the name given to a gorge 10 miles
from Apamea, on the way to Phrygia. Out of this
jurisdiction it would be proper to name the Metro-
politae, Dionysopolitae, Euphorbeni, Acmonenses,
Pelteni and Silbiani3 and there are nine remaining
tribes of no note.

On the Gulf of Doris are Leucopolis, Hamaxitos,
Elem, Etene3 then there are the Carian towns of
Pitaium, Eutane and Halicarnassus. To the juris-
diction of Halicarnassus six towns were assigned by
Alexander the Great, Theangela, Side, Medmassa,
Uranium, Pedasum and Telmisum3 the last is
situated between two bays, those of Ceramus and
Iasus. Next we come to Myndus and the former site
of Old Myndus, Nariandos, Neapolis, Caryanda, the
free town Termera, Bargylia and Iasus, the town
that gives its name to the bay. Caria is especially
distinguished for the famous list of places in its
interior, for here are Mylasa, a free town, and

301

