BOOK VII. LVI. 201—204

bronze trumpet by Pysaeus son of Tyrrhenus,
tortoise-screens by Artemo of Clazomenae, among
siege-engines the horse (now called the ram) by
Epius at Troy3 horse-riding by Bellerophon, reins
aud saddles by Pelethronius‚ fighting on horse-
back by ’the Thessalians called Centaurs, who dwelt
along Mount Pelion. The Phrygian race first
harnessed pairs, Erichthonius four-in-hands. Mili-
tary formation, the use of pass-words, tokens and
sentries were invented by Palamedes in the Trojan
war, signalling from watch-towers by Sinon in the
same war, truces by Lycaon, treaties by Theseus.
Auguries from birds were invented by Car, from
whom Caria got its name; Orpheus added auspices
derived from the other animals, Delphus divination
from victims, Amphiaraus divination from fire,
Tiresias of Thebes divination by inspecting birds'
entrails‚ Amphictyon the interpretation of portents
and dreams; Atlans son of Libya, or as others say
the Egyptians and others the Assyrians, astmnomy,
Anaximander of Miletus the use of a globe in as—
tronomy, Aeolus son of Hellen the theory of winds;
Amphion music, Pan son of Mercury the pipe and
single flute, Midas in Phrygia the slanting flute,
Marsyas in the same nation the double flute, Amphion
the Lydian modes, the Thracian Thamyras the Dorian,
Marsyas of Phrygia the Phrygian, Amphion, or
others say Orpheus and others Linus, the harp.
Terpander first sang with seven strings, adding three
to the original four, Simonides added an eighth‚
Timotheus a ninth. Thamyris first played the harp
without using the voice, Amphion, or according to
others Linus, accompanied the harp with singing;
Terpander composed songs for harp and voice.

643

A uqury, etc„
discovery ο].

